# World English Bible, Protestant Edition (WEBP), public-domain excerpts.
Matthew 5:14|You are the light of the world. A city located on a hill can't be hidden.
Matthew 5:16|Even so, let your light shine before men, that they may see your good works and glorify your Father who is in heaven.
Matthew 6:33|But seek first God's Kingdom and his righteousness; and all these things will be given to you as well.
Matthew 7:12|Therefore, whatever you desire for men to do to you, you shall also do to them; for this is the law and the prophets.
Matthew 11:28|Come to me, all you who labor and are heavily burdened, and I will give you rest.
Matthew 22:37|You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart, with all your soul, and with all your mind.
Mark 10:27|With men it is impossible, but not with God, for all things are possible with God.
Mark 12:30|You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart, with all your soul, with all your mind, and with all your strength.
Luke 6:31|As you would like people to do to you, do exactly so to them.
Luke 19:10|For the Son of Man came to seek and to save that which was lost.
John 1:5|The light shines in the darkness, and the darkness hasn't overcome it.
John 3:16|For God so loved the world, that he gave his only born Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish, but have eternal life.
John 8:12|I am the light of the world. He who follows me will not walk in the darkness, but will have the light of life.
John 10:10|The thief only comes to steal, kill, and destroy. I came that they may have life, and may have it abundantly.
John 11:25|I am the resurrection and the life. He who believes in me will still live, even if he dies.
John 13:34|A new commandment I give to you, that you love one another. Just as I have loved you, you also love one another.
John 14:6|I am the way, the truth, and the life. No one comes to the Father, except through me.
John 14:27|Peace I leave with you. My peace I give to you; not as the world gives, I give to you. Don't let your heart be troubled, neither let it be fearful.
John 15:5|I am the vine. You are the branches. He who remains in me and I in him bears much fruit, for apart from me you can do nothing.
John 15:12|This is my commandment, that you love one another, even as I have loved you.
John 16:33|In the world you have trouble; but cheer up! I have overcome the world.
Acts 4:12|There is salvation in no one else, for there is no other name under heaven that is given among men, by which we must be saved.
Romans 5:8|But God commends his own love toward us, in that while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us.
Romans 8:1|There is therefore now no condemnation to those who are in Christ Jesus.
Romans 8:28|We know that all things work together for good for those who love God, for those who are called according to his purpose.
Romans 10:9|If you will confess with your mouth that Jesus is Lord and believe in your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be saved.
Romans 12:2|Don't be conformed to this world, but be transformed by the renewing of your mind.
Romans 12:21|Don't be overcome by evil, but overcome evil with good.
1 Corinthians 13:4|Love is patient and is kind. Love doesn't envy. Love doesn't brag, is not proud.
1 Corinthians 13:13|But now faith, hope, and love remain--these three. The greatest of these is love.
1 Corinthians 16:14|Let all that you do be done in love.
2 Corinthians 5:17|Therefore if anyone is in Christ, he is a new creation. The old things have passed away. Behold, all things have become new.
2 Corinthians 12:9|My grace is sufficient for you, for my power is made perfect in weakness.
Galatians 6:9|Let's not be weary in doing good, for we will reap in due season if we don't give up.
Ephesians 2:8|For by grace you have been saved through faith, and that not of yourselves; it is the gift of God.
Ephesians 4:32|Be kind to one another, tender hearted, forgiving each other, just as God also in Christ forgave you.
Ephesians 6:10|Finally, be strong in the Lord and in the strength of his might.
Philippians 1:6|He who began a good work in you will complete it until the day of Jesus Christ.
Philippians 4:6|In nothing be anxious, but in everything, by prayer and petition with thanksgiving, let your requests be made known to God.
Philippians 4:13|I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me.
Colossians 3:23|Whatever you do, work heartily, as for the Lord and not for men.
1 Thessalonians 5:16|Always rejoice.
2 Timothy 1:7|For God didn't give us a spirit of fear, but of power, love, and self-control.
Hebrews 11:1|Now faith is assurance of things hoped for, proof of things not seen.
Hebrews 12:2|Looking to Jesus, the author and perfecter of faith, who for the joy that was set before him endured the cross, despising its shame, and has sat down at the right hand of the throne of God.
James 1:5|If any of you lacks wisdom, let him ask of God, who gives to all liberally and without reproach, and it will be given to him.
James 1:22|Be doers of the word, and not only hearers, deluding your own selves.
1 Peter 5:7|Casting all your worries on him, because he cares for you.
1 John 1:9|If we confess our sins, he is faithful and righteous to forgive us the sins and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
1 John 4:8|He who doesn't love doesn't know God, for God is love.
1 John 4:19|We love him, because he first loved us.
Revelation 3:20|Behold, I stand at the door and knock. If anyone hears my voice and opens the door, then I will come in to him.
Revelation 21:4|He will wipe away every tear from their eyes. Death will be no more; neither will there be mourning, nor crying, nor pain any more.
Psalms 23:4|Even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil, for you are with me.
Psalms 34:18|The LORD is near to those who have a broken heart, and saves those who have a crushed spirit.
Psalms 46:1|God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble.
Psalms 119:105|Your word is a lamp to my feet, and a light for my path.
Proverbs 3:5|Trust in the LORD with all your heart, and don't lean on your own understanding.
Proverbs 4:23|Keep your heart with all diligence, for out of it is the wellspring of life.
Isaiah 40:31|Those who wait for the LORD will renew their strength. They will mount up with wings like eagles.
Jeremiah 29:11|For I know the thoughts that I think toward you, says the LORD, thoughts of peace, and not of evil, to give you hope and a future.
Micah 6:8|What does the LORD require of you, but to act justly, to love mercy, and to walk humbly with your God?
